# OOP HW10

To improve your ability to read and understand codes written by others, for this assignment, you must complete all the production code without any provided code template, including `./src/circle.h`, `./src/convexPolygon.h`, `./src/shape.h`, `./src/util.h`, and `./src/vector.h`. In addition, we will provide all the TA tests and you DON'T need write any unit test yourself, in addition, main program is also provided.

**You will have 3 output files:**

1.  bin/ut_all for all testing
2.  bin/main for main executable
3.  output of handleOutput() function

## Purpose of this assignment

Learn how to handle I/O task.
  
## Problems




In class, we read data from a plain text file and build a `Circle` object into our program. For this assignment, you have to implement class `ConvexPolygon` and make it inherit class `Shape` as well. In addition to input, you have to output a list of shape to correct format. Moreover, you need to design class interface yourself by investigating unit tests we provide, any design that pass the test are accepted. However, please make your class interface as small as possible and easy to extend. Don't just output string that we want or you will get 0 point.

Please complete or modify these class/file:

-   class ConvexPolygon
-   class Circle
-   class Shape
-   file util.h

The format of output file:

```
circle {
big_circle          // name of this circle
(x,y)               // origin of this circle
r                   // radius of this circle
}
convex polygon {
polygon             // name of this convex polygon
(x1,y1)             // vertices of the polygon below
(x2,y2)
(x3,y3)
...
...
}
```

## Design concept:

Each concrete shape class must inherit the base class `Shape`, and any functions that handle I/O task must be put in the file `util.h`
